#Nikki Luoma
<<<<<<< HEAD
## TL;DR Nikki is a young student whose life is influenced by the software around her.
Nikki was born and raised in Meadville, Pennsylvania. Her hobbies include playing softball, spending time with family, playing games and unfortunately studying. Her alma mater is Meadville Area Senior High where she graduated with honors. She is currently employed by McDonald's and is currently a freshman at Allegheny College. She was attracted to this school because of the beautiful campus, rigorous courses and closeness to home. She intends to major in computer science and will minor in either psychology or economics. Upon graduating Allegheny, Nikki hopes to go to graduate school. She plans to one day live in Pittsburgh where she can continue her use and understanding of software.
=======
### TL;DR Nikki is a young student whose life is influenced by the software around her.
Nikki was born and raised in Meadville, Pennsylvania. Her hobbies include playing softball, spending time with family, playing games and unfortunately studying. Her alma mater is Meadville Area Senior High where she graduated with honors. She is currently employed by McDonald's and is currently a freshman at Allegheny College. She was attracted to this school because of the beautiful campus, rigorous courses and closeness to home. She intends to major in computer science and will minor in either psychology or economics. Upon graduating Allegheny, Nikki hopes to go to graduate school. She plans to one day live in Pittsburgh.
>>>>>>> 63ac6f6e6ec86ec37f3568ede575d4d2d3fe4038

When Nikki was growing up, she enjoyed going to her grandparents' house to not only spend time with them but also use their Windows 1998 computer. It was slow but she enjoyed playing computer games and getting on the internet. As she grew up, technology grew as well. She witnessed change in internet speed as well as the different content. The content includes mulit-player games that Nikki enjoys playing. Technology has played a big part in her education thus far. For example, she uses her computer to type and research almost all of her assignments.

One of her dreams is to travel the world. She hopes to see all of the wonders of the world and to step foot on six continents. She had read about these places on the internet. She hopes that she could visit a few developing countries and with the use of technology help their living conditions. Hopefully there she will meet new people, become more cultured and help people in addition to the work she has completed in her own community; she has spent countless hours and has raised over $5,000 dollars to help the people in her area. In order to raise that money she held bake sales and asked for donations from local businesses with the aid of technology. One of her larger projects included the receiving of donated clothes to help those without clothes at her high school. Technology has allowed her to achieve her goals thus far and she hopes to continue to use technology to complete her current goals.
